# cs140 (Spring 2020)

This lab builds on the Binary Search Tree data structure from the lecture notes on trees. In particular, I have copied bstree.h, bstree.cpp and bstree_test.cpp to laba.h, laba.cpp, laba_test.cpp respectively. I then added some public and protected methods to laba.h. Your job is to implement them in laba.cpp:
  * **void Postorder()** -- this does a postorder printing of the tree. As with the Print() method, each line should precede each name by 2l spaces, where l is the depth of the node. When you implement it, you should use the protected method recursive_postorder(). You should not call Depth() to determine the depth of a node. The TA's will look for that, and they will take off for it.
  * **void Preorder()** -- this does a preorder printing of the tree. Its format is like Postorder(). When you implement it, you should use the protected method recursive_preorder(). Again, you should not call Depth() to determine the depth of a node. The TA's will look for that, and they will take off for it.
  * **int Depth(string key)** -- this prints the depth of the node with the given key. You don't need recursion to implement this. If the key is not in the tree, return -1.
  * **int Height()** -- this prints the depth of the node with the maximum depth in the tree. You should call the recursive protected method recursive_height() to implement this. You should not call Depth(). If the tree is empty, its height is -1.
  * **int IsAVL()** -- this returns 1 if the tree is an AVL tree and 0 if it is not. You should call the recursive protected method recursive_height_and_avl_check() to implement this. When I implemented recursive_height_and_avl_check(n), I had it return the height of the tree rooted at n if it is a legal AVL tree, and -2 if it is not a legal AVL tree.
  * **int Rotate(string key)** -- this finds the node with the given key and performs a rotation about this node, as defined in the AVL Tree Lecture Notes. It should return 1 if it is successful. It should return 0 if either the key is not in the tree, or the key is the root of the tree, since you cannot rotate the root.
  
Your job is to implement these methods in laba.cpp. That is the file that you should submit. You are not allowed to modify laba.h or laba_test.cpp.
